hi guys today I'm making shrimp and
lobster Tambora if you want to join with
me let's begin I like to use your mousse
trim remove the shell but leave the tail
on here's another tip of removing the
vein of the shrimp there's a vein on the
bottom of the shrimp when you cook it it
tends to curls up for this I like to
keep my stream straight so I give it a
few shallow cuts
to marinate the shrimp I'm using half a
teaspoon of salt half a teaspoon of
sugar one teaspoon of garlic powder and
half a teaspoon of ground pepper mix
well and let it sit for 15 minutes
you can also use lobster tails but it's
your challenge to remove the meat from
the shell do small shallow cuts on the
bottom and marinate with salt sugar
garlic powder and ground pepper these
are for fried vegetables I have a sweet
potato zucchini eggplant onion and
potato I'm using Tambora seafood batter
mix it's very easy just follow the
instruction on the back of the package
let me show you how to fire the shrimp
pull the shrimp by the tail dip in the
batter fry the shrimp until its turn to
golden when this room is ready put the
shrimp on paper towels to absorb excess
oil repeat the same steps with the
lobster tails
it's almost done put the vegetables in
the batter a piece by piece fry into a
turn to golden
I'm serving mushroom and lobster
tomorrow with pickled ginger Saburo
dipping sauce and wasabi to make this
little flower I use pickle ginger and
wasabi to make this plate more
appetizing
it's time to serve I need to make my
sauce ready be careful with the wasabi
it's very hot so don't put too much in
the sauce
yummy this is a perfect finger food for
me Wow look at this big lobster tail mmm
so delicious thanks for watching don't
forget to subscribe bye bye